Deploying/Initialization of smart contracts via a front end (#87)
Concordium/concordium-smart-contract-tools: front-end-tools/README.md

# Developer Front End Tools

> The front end contains useful tools for developers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The front end contains useful functionalities for smart contract developers:
```

- Upload and deploy a smart contract module to chain.
- Initialize a smart contract module on chain.

> Only the browser wallet (no walletConnect) is supported in the first version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the browser wallet (not walletConnect) is supported in the first version.
```

## Prerequisites

-   Browser wallet extension must be installed in Chrome browser.

> ## Running the front end

Reviewer 2: This section and below is meant for people developing this, right?
Should we have a section for how to use the docker image that we have pushed to docker hub?
